Updated MSA limitations in US Gov (#82613)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory/external-identities/current-limitations.md

[National clouds](../develop/authentication-national-cloud.md) are physically isolated instances of Azure. B2B collaboration is not supported across national cloud boundaries. For example, if your Azure tenant is in the public, global cloud, you can't invite a user whose account is in a national cloud. To collaborate with the user, ask them for another email address or create a member user account for them in your directory.

## Azure US Government clouds

> Within the Azure US Government cloud, B2B collaboration is supported between tenants that are both within Azure US Government cloud and that both support B2B collaboration. Azure US Government tenants that support B2B collaboration can also collaborate with social users using Microsoft, Google accounts, or email one-time passcode accounts. If you invite a user outside of these groups (for example, if the user is in a tenant that isn't part of the Azure US Government cloud or doesn't yet support B2B collaboration), the invitation will fail or the user won't be able to redeem the invitation. For Microsoft accounts, it is a known limitation that new MSA guests invited won't be able to redeem direct link invitations to Azure Portal and existing MSA guests won't be able to sign in to Azure Portal. For details about other limitations, see [Azure Active Directory Premium P1 and P2 Variations](../../azure-government/compare-azure-government-global-azure.md#azure-active-directory-premium-p1-and-p2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within the Azure US Government cloud, B2B collaboration is supported between tenants that are both within Azure US Government cloud and that both support B2B collaboration. Azure US Government tenants that support B2B collaboration can also collaborate with social users using Microsoft, Google accounts, or email one-time passcode accounts. If you invite a user outside of these groups (for example, if the user is in a tenant that isn't part of the Azure US Government cloud or doesn't yet support B2B collaboration), the invitation will fail or the user won't be able to redeem the invitation. For Microsoft accounts (MSAs), there are known limitations with accessing the Azure portal: newly invited MSA guests are unable to redeem direct link invitations to the Azure portal, and existing MSA guests are unable to sign in to the Azure portal. For details about other limitations, see [Azure Active Directory Premium P1 and P2 Variations](../../azure-government/compare-azure-government-global-azure.md#azure-active-directory-premium-p1-and-p2).
```
